A city skyline appears behind a spider web and the words "In Color" fade into view.
Spider-Man jumps out of a pile of two by fours and stabs a man in a black jacket and black hat.
Title appears: 3 Dev Adam, a.k.a. "Turkish Spiderman"
Spider-Man smiles maniacly as he stabs a couple taking a shower together.
Title appears: Starring Tevfik Şen as Spidey.
Captain America jumps out of a wall, grabs a string loop from the ceiling and kicks a bunch of men who have kidnapped a woman who is tied to a pole.
Title appears: Aytekin Akkaya as Captain America
A Mexican wrestler takes a package from a desk and shoves it down his shorts.
In the next scene, he picks up Spider-Man from the floor and beats the crap out of him.
Title appears: Yavuz Selekman as Mexican Wrestler "El Santo".
Spider-Man's eyes have huge eyelashes and are looking at the viewer menacingly.
Next scene shows him and Captain America duking it out.
Killer B Cinema presents the unauthorized Turkish B-Film classic Friday September 6th, 8PM at See-Scape Sci-Fi Gaming Bar: 347 Keele Street South of Dundas.
Spider-Man is laughing at you!